Why is pizza so great?
Are you sad? It is Okey to cry, it is a natural process, tell me your worries.
What is your favourite food?
What did you build in Minecraft?
What is your favourite weapon?
Can I hug you?
What’s the most sensible thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
Do you think crying is a sign of weakness or strength?
What is the difference between living and existing?
Which activities make you lose track of time?
Would you rather have less work or more work you actually enjoy doing?
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
What is the most desirable trait another person can possess?
Is stealing to feed a starving child wrong?
Whick is worse, doing things right or doing the right things?
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do?
Is it more important to love or be loved?
If you had the chance to go back in time and change one thing would you do it?
What is the difference between falling in love and being in love?
Can there be happiness without sadness? Pleasure without pain? Peace without war?
What is the difference between innocence and ignorance?
Is there such a thing as perfect?
What does it mean to be human?
Is it more important to do what you love or to love what you are doing?
What small act of kindness were you once shown that you will never forget?
How do you deal with someone in a position of power who wants you to fail?
When you close your eyes what do you see?
Is it ever right to do the wrong thing? Is it ever wrong to do the right thing?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do?
Why must you love someone enough to let them go?
Are you happy with yourself?
What is the meaning of ‘peace’ to you?
What makes someone a hero?
When was the last time you felt lucky?
What is the most insensitive thing a person can do?
Who or what is the greatest enemy of humans?
What is your favorite fictional story?
What things in life should always be free?
What is your favorite video game?
What is your favorite place on Earth?
What specific character trait do you want to be known for?
What is the number one quality that makes someone a good leader?
How many hours a week do you spend online?
What are the top three qualities you look for in a friend?
What’s the number one change you need to make in your life in the next twelve months?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your mother?
Are you happy with where you are in your life? Why?
Who has had the greatest impact on your life?
What is one opportunity you believe you missed out on when you were younger?
When you meet someone for the very first time what do you want them to think about you?
Who would you like to forgive?
If you could go back in time and change things, what would you change about the week that just passed?
If you had to be someone else for one day, who would you be and why?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
When should you reveal a secret that you promised you wouldn’t reveal?
Would you rather be less attractive and extremely intelligent or extremely attractive and less intelligent?
What good comes from suffering?
What makes love last?
If you could go back in time and tell a younger version of yourself one thing, what would you tell?
What does love feel like?
What do you see when you look into the future?
What is your favorite song and why?
Is the reward worth the risk?
When is love a weakness?
If you could take a single photograph of your life, what would it look like?
What is the number one thing you want to accomplish before you die?
Do you see to believe or believe to see?
How do you spend the majority of your free time?
When does silence convey more meaning than words?
Is it better to have loved and lost or to have never loved at all?
When have you worked hard and loved every minute of it?
Where do you find peace?
How do you find the strength to do what you know in your heart is right?
What makes you proud?
Is there ever a time when giving up makes sense?
What makes a person beautiful?
What stands between you and happiness?
Can you think of a time when impossible became possible?
Is it possible to know the truth without challenging it first?
What can money not buy?
Why do religions that advocate unity divide the human race?
If I could grant you one wish what would you wish for?
How do you define success?
How do you know when it’s time to continue holding on or time to let go?
At what point are we good enough? When are we self-improved enough to accept ourselves?
What in life, is beautiful to you? Where do you find inspiration?
If you were a genie and a person asked you this wish, "I wish you would not grant me this wish", what would you do?
Can you dream of having a dream?
If you had the opportunity to travel to another planet with no chance of ever coming back to earth, would you go?
Do you ever think there could be a world leader that has power over all countries?
What do you think would be one of the best steps we could take toward ending poverty around the world?
Are you afraid to speak your own opinion?
What’s the wisest thing you have ever heard someone say?
Is it easier to hate or to love? Why?
If you could fix one world problem, what would it be?
Do you believe there is good in everyone?
What’s the best approach to resolving conflict?
Do you think the end or the means is most important? Explain.
In one word, what do you live for?
Are you afraid of being your true self around others? Why?